ELE-249: Create first pass of tracker service plugin for Search (#63)
groupby/elements-view: packages/web-components/@groupby/elements-search-box/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased] [minor]
### Added

> - ELE-249: Accept and pass along `origin` value in search requests from `emitSearchEvent()` and `updateSearch()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ELE-249: The methods `emitSearchEvent()` and `updateSearch()` now accept and pass along `origin` value in search requests.
```
